do we know each other why do you think
we're going to I don't know how would I
know
because I already know an awful lot of
people until one of them dies I couldn't
possibly meet anyone else well if anyone
goes on the critical list let me know as
you can see she was in serious trouble
but she still found time to enjoy
herself mrs. Lampert any morning now you
could wake up dead
of course she never had as much fun as
her husband now he knew how to relax is
he it all began when he got off the
train
now there's a relaxed husband police
probably think I killed him
instant divorce you mean from then on
her life was one round of enjoyment
entertainment enchantment what are you
doing in here I'm having a nervous
breakdown but her life wasn't always
that game they were tired when she was
in died jeopardy hasn't it occurred you
know I'm having a tough time keeping my
hands off you oh we should see your face
what's the matter with it
it's lovely
we would like you
and ballsy
lay
waterproof your Charles boss's wife now
that he's dead you're their only lead
mr. Bartholomew if you're trying to
frighten me you're doing a first-rate
job